>> Speaker 1: Question from that channel,
what is performant, or
more optimized, or better performance?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Performant
means that it runs faster,
so given more data,
it will be able to compute things faster.
That's what it means.
So, we'll talk about that
more tomorrow when we talk
about,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Big annotation and
things like that.
Run time, what makes algorithms fast,
How to optimize them to go faster.
So we'll talk more about that.
All right.
>> Speaker 1: I have one pending.
>> Speaker 3: I think he was talking about
the wrapper function?
>> Speaker 1: Okay, yes.
The wrapper function,
this is asked by Eric M, I think that's
called a higher order function?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I'm pretty sure
a higher order function just means a
function that could be passed or returned.
So you might wanna double check me
on this, but I'm pretty sure it just
means that you can return a function, or
you can pass a function like data, right?
Some languages you can't do that.
In JavaScript we have that and that makes
really cool things happen when we get in
to functional programming type
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Worlds,
yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
If you want more vocabulary,
like the variable,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Here.
You can call this like a closure variable,
you're using a closure here.
If you're interested in that,
that's all kinda the same.
>> Speaker 1: I have a really good
link I'll paste into the chatroom.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, absolutely.
>> Speaker 1: From Eloquent JavaScript.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, and
then Kyle has a good class on it
as well here on Frontend Masters.
All right, okay, so here we are.
We're once again at the exercises,
how exciting?
So we are going to move on to
number three and number four.
I recommend starting, trying to finish
most of these as much as possible.
The recursion, number four,
some of them are pretty tough, so
just keep that in mind.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But
they're just basically the most
common recursion questions.
It's almost like you
have to memorize them,
cuz these are just the questions
that they ask, and these
recursion exercises are more based off
my slides, more based on the conceptual,
like how to loop with recursion,
and how it all works together?
That make sense?
So number three should be easier to
approach than number four is basically
what I'm trying to say.
But number four, also very important
because if you're learning this for
interviews, there you are, but
they are tough, and that's okay